The Sapphic stanza is the only stanzaic form adapted from Greek and Latin poetry to be used widely in Polish literature. It was introduced during the Renaissance, and since has been used frequently by many prominent poets. The importance of the Sapphic stanza for Polish literature lies not only in its frequent use, but also in the fact that it formed the basis of many new strophes, built up of hendecasyllables (11-syllable lines) and pentasyllables.
He drove in the AAA and USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1954-1962 seasons with 42 starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1955, 1958, and 1960–1962. He finished in the top ten 16 times, with his best finish in 2nd position, in 1961 at both DuQuoin and Syracuse. His best Indy finish was 4th in 1961.
In cryptography, a nonce is an arbitrary number that can be used just once in a cryptographic communication. It is often a random or pseudo-random number issued in an authentication protocol to ensure that each communication session is unique, and therefore that old communications cannot be reused in replay attacks. Nonces can also be useful as initialization vectors and in cryptographic hash functions.
Crumar is an Italian manufacturer of electronic musical instruments. It was established by Mario Crucianelli in the late 1960s, and manufactured synthesizers and keyboards during the '70s and '80s. Its name is a portmanteau of "Crucianelli" and the name of his business partner, Marchetti. The company appears to have grown out of the Crucianelli accordion company and also continued to manufacture accordions under both names.
Tun Dr Lim Chong Eu Expressway or Federal Route 3113, is an expressway on Penang Island, that connects the city centre of George Town with Batu Maung at the city's south. This 17.84 km (11.09 mi) expressway stretches along the eastern coast of Penang Island. It was named in honour of Penang's second Chief Minister Tun Dr Lim Chong Eu who died in 2010. There are two sections of the expressway, the Jelutong Expressway and Bayan Lepas Expressway.